Fix environment variable priority documentation for .NET 9 (#51181)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md

1. By setting environment variable value `DOTNET_SYSTEM_GLOBALIZATION_INVARIANT` to `true` or `1`.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Environment variables have a higher priority than a value set in the project file or _runtimeconfig.json_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In .NET 9 and later versions, environment variables have a higher priority than values set in the project file or _runtimeconfig.json_.
```
